welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the divergent series allegiant
after evelyn forbids any citizen from
leaving chicago
she announces that all erudite members
involved in the previous coup attempt
are to be put on trial and
executed if they are found guilty tris
and four rescue caleb from execution and
try to escape over the wall
along with tori peter and christina
the group is ambushed by edgar who kills
tory
but the group escapes and passed the
wall
however it is intercepted by soldiers
with advanced weaponry who take the
group to the bureau of genetic welfare
a city of advanced technology that is
hidden behind a cloaking shield
after undergoing decontamination they
learn that years ago
the un believed that society's problems
were caused by
damaged genes in an attempt to create a
better society
it began to alter people's genes which
eventually led to the purity wars and
the destruction of most of the planet
to try to reverse the destruction a
series of
experiments was set up in an attempt to
repair the mistake
which established isolated cities across
the remains of the world
tris and iv are tested by matthew anita
to verify and to study their divergence
tris is shown to be truly divergent and
the first chicago divergent to be 100
genetically pure but phosgenetic
structure
indicates that his genes still carry
damage
caleb and peter are assigned to
surveillance teams that remotely monitor
chicago
and christine and four are assigned to
the military
matthew then brings tris to the leader
of the bureau
david who gives tris a device that
allows her to view her foster mother's
memories
she sees that her mother had been
rescued from the wastelands as a child
before she volunteered to join the
chicago experiment out of dedication to
the project
in return for his help in restoring
peace to chicago in which david claims
only the council to have the power to
intervene
triss agrees to help david continue the
experiment
meanwhile train with nita
they join the military on a rescue
mission to a nearby wasteland village
but formus trusts the bureau's
intentions after he realizes that they
are simply kidnapping children and
wiping their memories with amnesia
gas for also attempts to warn triss of
the bureau's intentions
but they are interrupted by a video call
from david
caleb warns four of a rapidly escalating
conflict back in chicago between
johanna's group of allegiance and
evelyn's factionless
four appeals to triss for her to return
to chicago with him to end the bloodshed
however she decides to go with david who
agrees to reinsert four into chicago
under the escort of matthew and some
bureau soldiers
once in the air matthew quietly reveals
to four that the flight is a trap
and he is meant to be killed a skirmish
breaks out
and four defeats all of the soldiers but
the transport crashes as a result
matthew gives four a device to allow
passage through the cloaking shield
and four proceeds to chicago matthew
remains behind to be rescued by the
bureau and warntress
meanwhile tris disagrees with the
council's objectives and criticizes
their refusal to stop the violence in
chicago
the council responds that david has full
power to intervene whenever he desires
revealing his lies during the return
flight to the bureau
tris ends her partnership upon her
return
she gathers caleb and christina in
david's hovercar to return to chicago
nita helps them escape and reveals that
david's rule is not popular with
everyone in the bureau
four is captured by the factionless and
confronts evelyn to end the violence
tris caleb and christina arrive to find
the city tearing itself
apart at the opening stage of a full
assault by the allegiant
back at the bureau david makes a deal
with peter in exchange for peter's
promotion and inserts him into chicago
to convince evelyn to deploy a hidden
bureau stockpile of amnesia gas to wipe
the memories of the attackers and to
force a piece in her favor to which she
agrees
peter takes her to a hidden vault after
rescuing
four tris and christina fight through
the factionless and arrive at the vault
at the vault door four convinces evelyn
to stop the gas attack
as he would not remember her if she
carries it out
she capitulates and stops the release
but is shot in the leg by a frustrated
peter
who gloats until the same gas starts
flooding the vault as well
realizing david has betrayed him peter
opens the vault so that tris and four
can stop the gas release
peter flees back towards the cloaking
shield as four vows to find and kill
peter
caleb arrives and aids tris in
destroying the gas dispersion hub
which stops the release the group
gathers atop the erudite building as it
watches david's shuttle
which autopilots back towards the bureau
and is heavily laid in with explosives
tris transmits a message to the whole
world that reveals to them the existence
of the bureau
and that chicago was an experiment in
genetic purity
her message to the bureau is that
chicago is no longer their experiment
but now the home of its citizens
caleb detonates the explosives at the
end of the message
which tear a massive hole through the
cloak wall and reveal the bureau
as the group watches david's image is
revealed to stand behind tris
via bureau remote viewing device
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you